#summary Information about changes in each version.

= Version History =

== Version alpha 0.92 ==

=== Features ===
  * Added a XUL window for "Preferences" in the A11Y toolbar to select a ruleset (i.e., WCAG2.0 Trans, WCAG 2.0 Strict and IITAA)
  * Highlights the element on the web page which ever selected on the A11Y Panel
  * "Style" side Panel exists only for the Color Contrast toolbar button and "Attributes", "Properties" and "Events" side panels doesnot exists for "ColorContrast" toolbar button
  * Every Panel(i.e., Images, Media, Headings/Landmarks etc..) except "Preferences" in the A11Y toolbar displays the information about ruleset selected and the WCAG level (A, AA & AAA)

=== Issues ===
  * Fixed styling issue for the toolbar buttons on MAC 

=== Note ===
  * This build works only with the Firebug 1.10.a5 and later builds of Firebug. 
  * Here is a link to the Firebug-1.10.a5 http://blog.getfirebug.com/2012/03/09/firebug-1-10a5/

== Version alpha 0.91 == 
  * Images/Media are separated and made as two toolbar buttons.
  * Click on any row in any of the list and tree views will highlight the node on the website
  * "Style" side Panel exists only for the "ColorContrast" toolbar buttons and is disabled for other toolbar buttons
  * "Attributes", "Properties" and "Events" side panels are disabled for Color Contrast toolbar button and enabled for other toolbar buttons.

== Version alpha 0.90 == 
  * New OAA Cache library to evaluate the web pages
  * User interface has been modified alot.
  * Name of the tool is changed from AInspector to A11y
  * A11y Panel has the toolbar buttons: Images/Media, Controls, ColorContrast, Headings/Landmarks, Links, Lists, Tables and All Elements
  * These toolbars have the Side Panels Rule Results, Atttributes, Properties, Style and Events
  * All the toolbar buttons show the results in element view and each can be viewed in two ways. 
    ** Flat list view
    ** Tree view
  * Every view has a link to the Firebug's HTMl Panel. 
  
== Version beta 0.93 == 
  * AInspector is now compatible with Firefox 4.
  * Implemented a new tab "Landmarks" on the AInspector Panel.
  * "Roles" tab is modified to "Widgets"

== Version beta 0.92 == 
  * Generates a report on AINspector results with the JSON Object.

== Version beta 0.91 == 
  * Modified the NLS files, ruleset files according to OAA discussions. 
  * Generates a report for META information on accessibility report
  * printable View for the report tab outputs the results in JSON object.  

== Version beta 0.90 == 
  * Updated the rules, messages and rule sets to OAA(Open Ajax Alliance) format
     # IITAA1.0 rule sets are separated from the Wcag2.0 rule sets and moved to iitaa10-ruleset.js
  * locale\en-US\OAA.properties file is been removed and the localized messages will be read from OAA\nls\Wcag20-ruleset_en-us.js and OAA\nls\iitaa10-ruleset_en-us.js 